---
layout: post
title: "Week 7"
subtitle: "Post-MVP, new lobby, bugfixes, playability improvements..."
date: 2022-02-18
background: "/img/posts/01.jpg"
---

<h2 class="section-heading">What we have accomplished</h2>

- <b>Johnathon</b>: Organized feedback from MVP testing and distributed
  bug-fixing work to the team, worked on fixing plating bugs, audio
  improvements, and new gameplay features for upcoming new dishes.
- <b>Katherine</b>: Started developing a tutorial/tips system. The tutorial
  system will walk the user through the roles and explain the game mechanics.
- <b>Laksh</b>: Remade the Lobby scene with a settings menu, create and join
  room options, pre game lobby menu. A more robust role assigning system with
  all data being synced over custom room properties and custom player
  properties.
- <b>Hritik</b>: Started fixing bugs that were reported from user testing and
  working on adding new features as noted in the MVP bugs section.

<h2 class="section-heading">New features/functionality implemented</h2>

- Grating! Shred some cheese or truffle over a dish to instantly up the
  fanciness factor.
- Cooking torch! Great for making creme brulee or for finishing french onion
  soup...
- More realistic temperature response! Items removed from heat will now continue
  to cook for a little longer
- Players can now join and create rooms
- New Lobby scene with a kitchen layout
- Players not see buttons grayed out for roles already taken in a room.
- Scenes sync across clients with the master client loading scene transitions.

<h2 class="section-heading">Bug Fixes</h2>

- Violent plating collisions should be significantly reduced
- Items fall from plate if rotated enough
- Volume lowered in main scene
- Collisions in drawers should be more accurate
- Held objects should be less jittery now
- Lobby scene to kitchen scene transition bugs.
- Role selection and start game sync fixed

<h2 class="section-heading">Code review</h2>

- Plateable.cs: <https://github.com/UWRealityLab/xrcapstone22wi-team5/pull/22>
- AssignRoles.cs: <https://github.com/UWRealityLab/xrcapstone22wi-team5/pull/21>

<h2 class="section-heading">Blocking issues</h2>

- Looking for solutions to enable the Oculus on-screen keyboard for entering
  room codes, changing names etc.
