---
layout: post
title: "Week 9"
subtitle:
  "New dishes, item spawners, new render pipeline, and new game options..."
date: 2022-03-04
background: "/img/posts/09.png"
---

<h2 class="section-heading">APK Build</h2>

<https://drive.google.com/file/d/1ySj7fq6hjkoRplv2JiMX1euAYzDTcda4/view?usp=sharing>

<h2 class="section-heading">What we have accomplished</h2>

- <b>Johnathon</b>: Created and implemented 4 new dishes, added item spawners,
  added oven appliance, and upgraded render pipeline to URP.
- <b>Katherine</b>: Updated steak frites tutorial scene with feedback from peer
  testings, and incorporated the new item spawners and render pipeline that
  Johnathon created.
- <b>Laksh</b>: Updated Lobby with new graphics, fixed some serialization issues
  with items syncing over network
- <b>Hritik</b>: Fixed ticketing system color issues, starting working on saving
  and displaying user scores

<h2 class="section-heading">New features/functionality implemented</h2>

- New dishes! Crab cakes, table bread, roasted chicken, and French onion soup
  have all been added to the game
- URP! We've upgraded the render pipeline to the Universal Render Pipeline for
  performance and visual improvements
- Oven! A new kitchen appliance featuring cooking timers for chicken and bread
- Fry timer! The knob on the frier now works as a timer for perfect crispy fries
- Item spawners! All foods, plates, and tools now are produced using item
  spawners to limit the amount of objects in the scene
- Tutorial is updated to include new features created this week

<h2 class="section-heading">Bug Fixes</h2>

- Moving between heating elements now registers correctly
- Pans and frying baskets use the plating script now in order to fix issues of
  items falling through hitboxes
- Item properties now sync better over network.

<h2 class="section-heading">Code review</h2>

Nothing yet

<h2 class="section-heading">Blocking issues</h2>

- Plating synchronization and serialization of various elements are still the
  primary blocking issues
- Baked lighting ends up leaving a lot of artifacts in the current scene
