---
layout: post
title: "Week 8"
subtitle:
  "Tutorial scene, gameplay improvements, ticket rail, and game lobby
  improvements..."
date: 2022-02-25
background: "/img/posts/08.png"
---

<h2 class="section-heading">What we have accomplished</h2>

- <b>Johnathon</b>: Created a roadmap for the rest of the quarter, laid
  groundwork for new french onion soup dish, implemented plating improvements,
  and worked on fixing more gameplay bugs from the MVP demo.
- <b>Katherine</b>: Created a tutorial scene that highlighted objects and led
  players through the steps of cooking steak frites.
- <b>Laksh</b>: Improved the lobby scene and added new create and join lobby
  features, Added new end game scene. Added tutorial screen.
- <b>Hritik</b>: Fixed ticketing bugs, added the new ticket rail that allows
  users to easily manage tickets, and worked on other bugs/testing for user
  testing activity.

<h2 class="section-heading">New features/functionality implemented</h2>

- Soup bowls! These will be handy for one of our upcoming dishes.
- Gruyere cheese! You can shred and melt this stuff. Great for a certain type of
  soup...
- New steak appearance! We thought that the hyperrealistic appearance seemed odd
  for the low-poly style, so we gave steaks a new look.
- Tutorial scene for steak frites.
- New create and Join lobby menus.
- New end game scene

<h2 class="section-heading">Bug Fixes</h2>

- Plating has been significantly improved, however some bugs regarding turn in
  are still present with the new system
- Feedback has been made a little more concise for each dish
- Seasoning while on heating elements and plates have been fixed
- Grating now works correctly
- Fixed bugs with room creation
- Fixed end game scene

<h2 class="section-heading">Code review</h2>

- Tutorial.cs

<h2 class="section-heading">Blocking issues</h2>

- Plating synchronization not persisting between users, causing bugs for turn
  in. We may have to serialize this somehow.
