---
layout: post
title: "Week 4"
subtitle: "Interactable kitchen, liquid physics, french fries"
date: 2022-01-27
background: "/img/posts/04.png"
---

<h2 class="section-heading">What we have accomplished</h2>

- <b>Johnathon</b>: Started project wiki, wrote pouring and filling scripts for
  liquids, made interactable prefabs for kitchen environment, fixed
  player/object collisions
- <b>Katherine</b>: Implemented a basic UI system for seeing object information
  (item name, temperature).
- <b>Laksh</b>: Added Network Manager and Player scripts and components. Added
  Player and hand Prefabs.
- <b>Hritik</b>: Created two different textures for fries (cooked and uncooked).
  Made it such that the texture changed when the fries reach the required
  temperature.

<h2 class="section-heading">New features/functionality implemented</h2>

- Interactable kitchen fixtures! Knobs can be turned, doors and drawers can be
  opened, and objects properly interact with them due to compound primitive hit
  boxes
- Liquid containers! Containers can be filled, pour liquid, or be scooped from
  using a single script. These containers visibly transform depending on how
  much liquid they are holding
- Ladle! A working ladle. Not much more to say
- Players can now see their own animated hands to show gripping and trigger
  controls.
- All players are now connected to the Photon PUN servers and get added to the
  same room.

<h2 class="section-heading">Bug Fixes</h2>

- Held objects and players no longer clip through static objects.
- Player hand animations are now synced between clients.

<h2 class="section-heading">Code review</h2>

- <https://github.com/UWRealityLab/xrcapstone22wi-team5/pull/1>
- <https://github.com/UWRealityLab/xrcapstone22wi-team5/pull/4>

<h2 class="section-heading">Blocking issues</h2>

- No blockers to report.
