---
layout: post
title: "Week 10"
subtitle:
  "New dishes, item spawners, new render pipeline, and new game options..."
date: 2022-03-11
background: "/img/posts/10.png"
---

<h2 class="section-heading">APK Build</h2>

<https://drive.google.com/file/d/1ySj7fq6hjkoRplv2JiMX1euAYzDTcda4/view?usp=sharing>

<h2 class="section-heading">What we have accomplished</h2>

- <b>Johnathon</b>: Improved plating and item synchronization, created new
  kitchens, worked on URP lighting, and bug bashing
- <b>Katherine</b>: Made new tutorial scenes for all the dishes. Updated the UI
  panel attached to the left controller to display information about plate
  objects, such as missing components. Added recipes to the UI panel.
- <b>Laksh</b>: Improved Photon sync and worked on capturing and creating the
  final demo video.
- <b>Hritik</b>: Worked on updating the project website theme, added player stat
  support, and did a bunch of playtesting to identify and solve bugs, and
  generate footage for the final video.

<h2 class="section-heading">New features/functionality implemented</h2>

- New kItchens! Choose between cafe, restaurant, and fine dining kitchens
- Menu selection! Customize your menu for your games
- 4-player multiplayer support! Only for the fine dining kitchen
- Player Stats! See how well you’re doing
- New tutorials! Get used to game mechanics and recipes
- Recipes added to in-game UI! Cycle through various recipes in case your memory
  fails you
- Dish help added to UI! See what’s missing from your dishes before turning them
  in

<h2 class="section-heading">Bug Fixes</h2>

- Plating synchronization is now more consistent using RPCs
- Item stat synchronization is now more consistent
- Improved URP lighting and overall game performance
- Changed celsius readings to fahrenheit
- De-plating no longer sends objects through the map
- Spawners now spawn only 1 object at a time
- Item ownership has been fixed
- Steaks no longer sear in the fridge (even though it was pretty hilarious)
- Oven timers now function properly
- Seasoning and liquid volume are more consistent

<h2 class="section-heading">Code review</h2>

Nothing yet

<h2 class="section-heading">Blocking issues</h2>

Nothing yet
